Yeah. What else you want?
(laughs)
- You son of a bitch!
- Hey. Mitch. get the... Yeah!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hey. Jess.
Hey. pal.
What are you doin'?
You playin' sick in here?
I got three chicks waiting for you on
the street. You're gonna get me in trouble.
Goof.
Oh. this is my wife Jessie.
Frank.
(beeping)
- Code blue. You'll have to leave.
- No.
- You'll have to leave.
- (Jessie) Frank. come on.
After the hearing. Judge Ramsey's court
writ mittimus papers.
The board had to release him to me.
On the stairs outside. he just dropped.
(Jessie) What did he whisper to you?
Oh. he said thanks.
You know. for getting him out.
I mean. that's the big thing. you know.
Not to die in that joint. Not to die in there.
It's a big thing.
- Who's Mr Bertineau's family?
- I am.
Look. I'm sorry. he didn't make it.
If there's anything I can do. uh...
Are you OK?
I'm sorry.
Do you wanna sit down?
Refill?
That's a nice baby.
You're lucky you've got such a nice baby.
- Thank you. Can you warm this up?
- No problem.
- What his name?
- No name. not yet.
So here we are.
Are you OK?
Long. long. long. long time.
You see that?
Okla dies and our baby is born.
Do you wanna name him after Okla?
Okla's real name was David.
David.
(Frank) David?
Hey!
Our kid. his name's David.
David. David good name.
(waiter speaks Chinese)
Hey. David.
What's to it?
(Sam) Light this. then get out of the way.
Not bad.
I'll see you. kid.
Betsy thought it was serious
but I don't think so.
(indistinct conversation)
(alarm)
(alarm through walkie-talkie)
He gave Ruth a shot. 24 hours.
it was gone. Must have been a flu bug.
Mexico. We're in. Thanks.
Have Julio wax the floor. will ya?
(phone rings)
- Yeah. Green Mill.
- Is Frank there?
Wait a minute. Frank?
Oscar. get Frank.
Hey. come back.
Telephone.
Yeah?
- Is that you?
- Yeah. Hold on.
Do me a favour.
- Yeah. Go ahead.
- We are on.
You understand?
Yes. I understand.
(siren)
C'mon. C'mon.
Gimme an excuse. C'mon!
Get outta that car.
- You're pinched.
- For what?
Driving without a taillight.
Argh!
Ugh!
Urgh!
Pick him up. huh?
Hey. car salesman. Urizzi.
You remember my name now?
How can I not?
Since the police department
does not hire too many Puerto Ricans.
Hey. asshole. I'm Italian!
I'm pleased to meet you.
ugly wop son of a bitch.
You motherfucker!
You're a stand-up guy.
You're a real stand-up guy.
You got a mouth. You can take a trimmin'.
You could make things
easy for everybody.
But no. you gotta be a goof.
You're real good.
No violence. strictly professional.
I'd probably like you.
Like to go the track. ball games.
stuff like that. You know?
Frank. there's ways of doin' things
that round off the corners.
make life easy for everybody.
What's wrong with that?
There's plenty to go around.
We know what you take down.
We know you got somethin' major
comin' down. soon.
But no. you gotta
come on like a stiff prick.
Who the fuck do you think you are?
What's the matter with you?
You got somethin' to say?
You waitin' for me to ask you to dance?
Did it ever occur to you... to try to work
for a livin'. take down your own scores?
- Fuck this guy.
- I tell you something.
I'm gonna be on your ass so much
you're gonna get careless.
And on that day
I'm gonna be in that place.
And that is the last place
that you wanna be.
cos no matter what happens.
I will never. ever take a pinch
from a greasy motherfucker like you.
Fuck you. you fucker!
- I'll kill you!
- Dancin' goes two ways. prick!
Get this asshole outta here!
Cut him loose.
- (man) John?
- Yeah?
- You got eyes? You got him?
- Yeah. He's beepin' in good.
OK.
(beeping)
Pull over. He'll spot us. He's stoppin'.
John. what's he doin'?
- (beeping)
- Just relax and stay put.
(beeping)
(beeping changes)
Hit it! Hit it! He's movin'.
Hit it.
OK. Relax and fall back. We got him.
We're right with ya.
- What's he gonna put down?
- I don't know.
But we're gonna be right on this guy's ass.
This guy's gonna be history.
Gimme some coffee.
(beeping continues)
(dispatcher on radio in background)
- OK.
- Here.
40 volts. You got a phone line.
Phone.
Hold it. You got one.
Hook it up.
Go.
Phone.
Yeah.
C'mon. One more and we open her up.
(alarm)
Mexico.
(alarm stops)
All right. I'm inside.
Any surges on the line?
They held.
Come on. We own it.
- Lit?
- No.
OK.
Hey.
You should come in. Water's great.
Yeah. Enjoy it now. We're goin' home.
Tomorrow we collect. Just talked to Leo.
That's great.
Hey. Marie!
Marie. come here.
I'll go get the bags.
- Come in. Frank. Sit down.
- Thank you.
How you doin'? You look great.
Couldn't be better.
I know this is what you're here for. kid.
That's it. Mitch. what's to it?
Your tan is great.
How long were you in San Diego?
- A few days.
- Mitch told me all about the score.
Said that you were Dr Wizard.
(Frank) Yeah?
Hello. Frank.
- Where's the rest?
- Don't worry about it.
- What is this?
- This is the cash part.
Well. you're light.
830.000's supposed be here.
and I count. what. 70. 80. 90.
Cos I put you into the Jacksonville. Fort
Worth and Davenport shopping centres.
I take care of my people. You can ask
these guys. Papers are at your house.
It's a limited partnership
with a subchapter S corporation.
You've got equity with me in that.
- Well. count me out.
- I thought we had this good thing.
Plus we got a major score
in Palm Beach for you in six weeks.
Talkin' to me.
or somebody else walk in this room?
What's that supposed to mean?
It means you are dreaming.
This is payday. It is over.
You know. when you have
trouble with the cops.
you pay 'em off like everybody else
because that's the way things are done.
- But not you. huh?
- No.
They don't run me and you don't run me.
I give you houses.
I give you a car. You're family.
I thought you'd come around.
What the hell is this? Where is gratitude?
- Where is my end?
- You can't see day for night.
I can see my money is still in your pocket.
which is from the yield of my labour.
What gratitude?
You're making big profits
from my work. my risk. my sweat.
But that is OK. because
I elected it to make that deal.
But now the deal is over.
I want my end. and I am out.
Why don't you join a labour union?
- I am wearing it.
- Frank. don't.
Do it. slick.
My money in 24 hours.
or you will wear your ass for a hat.
Get the hell out.
I tell ya? What did I tell ya?
(groaning)
Where is he?
Barry?
Talk to him.
Answer him.
Answer him. Answer him!
He's talkin' to you.
Answer him. Answer him.
Frank!
(Barry) You're set up!
Look.
I said fuckin' look at him.
Look what happened to your friend cos
you go against the way things go down.
You treat what I tried
to do for you like shit.
You don't wanna work for me?
What's wrong with you?
And then you carry a piece in my house.
You one of those burned-out.
demolished wackos in the joint?
You're scary because
you don't give a fuck.
But don't come on to me now with your
jailhouse bullshit. You are not that guy.
Don't you get it. you prick?
You got a home. car. businesses. family.
And I own the paper
on your whole fuckin' life.
I'll put your cunt wife on the street to be
fucked by niggers and Puerto Ricans.
Your kid's mine because I bought it.
You got him on loan.
He is leased. You are renting him.
I'll whack out your whole family.
People'll be eating 'em for lunch tomorrow
in their hamburgers and not know it.
You get paid what I say.
You do what I say. I run you.
There is no discussion.
I want your work until you are burned out.
you are busted or you're dead.
Do you get it?
You got responsibilities.
Tighten up and do it.
Clean this mess up.
Get him outta here. Back to work. Frank.
Joseph. get over here right away.
You're goin' on a trip.
Frank?
What?
Wake up the kid.
Hm?
You are going away.
It's not what was supposed to be.
It can't be this way.
Don't you understand?
Mm-mm.
Do not take anything.
Do not pack. Do it now.
- Where are we going?
- We are not going.
- You are going.
- Where? What's wrong with you?
I don't understand.
When are you gonna come?
I am not.
You will work out with Joseph where
you are going to go. Here is $410.000.
Wait. We just disassemble it
and put it back in a box?
Like an Erector Set that
you just send back to a store?
I love you. I'm not going anywhere.
You give Joseph 20.000
for month number one.
What are you doing?
- You give him 25.000 for month two.
- Doesn't anything mean anything?
- I'm your woman. you're my man.
- 30.000 for the third.
Frank. Frank. I made a commitment.
To hell with me.
with you. with everything.
I'm throwing you out.
Get out.
Get out!
(baby cries)
(rustling leaves)
You want some milk?
No. I'm OK.
Argh!
Visiontext Subtitles: Adrian Isaac
ENHOH
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm